Bikrama Moharana				

	.Net Developer						:

Experience Summary

  Having 2.3 Years. Hands on professional experience in software Industries and to keep learning so as to sharpen and widen my knowledge and skill and deliver my best so as to add on to the reputation of the organization



Technical Skills

Programming Languages: C#.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript.



Technologies: 

.Net Framework, MVC, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, LINQ, Entity Framework.

Web Service





Development Methodologies: Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC),

 Object-Oriented Programming (OOP), Agile Development.



Databases: SQL server, Oracle



Other Tools: Team Foundation Server (TFS)







Education 

Bachelor in Computer Application (BCA) completed 2019.

Higher Secondary Education (HSE) completed 2016.

Board of Secondary Education (BSE) completed 2014. 





Professional Experience

Project 



Company Name: Monsanto

								Project Name:  Data Mining Tool                                                            Feb 2020– Till date

Client: Amri Hospital Administration.

Project Description: The Data mining analysis tool utilized to properly analyze the exist health care data. Data mining is the process of discovering actionable information from large sets of data. Data mining uses mathematical analysis to derive patterns and trends that exist in data. Typically, these patterns cannot be discovered by traditional data exploration because the relationships are too complex or because there is too much data.











Responsibilities:

My responsibilities understanding the requirements from client.

Involved in Software Development Life cycle starting from Requirements gathering

Designed and developed web application in .NET framework 

Using C#.Net, CSS etc.

Entity Framework.

MS SQL stored procedures and functions.

Source Control TFS.

Involved in application build, Publish and Deployment.



Environment: C#.Net, MVC, Web Service, SQL Server, Entity Framework, JavaScript / JQuery, Bootstrap.





Personal Information

	Gender	:	 Male

	Marital Status          : 	Single.

							Date of birth			:	23-mar-1999	

	Languages Known    :	English, Hindi and Oriya.





2